Hello, and welcome to the blockchain nano degree course.
My name is Nicol Yani,
and I'll be your instructor for this session.
The focus of our course is best practices for real-world smart contract development,
with an emphasis on security and upgradability.
Let's take a look at the topics we'll cover in this course.
We'll start off with the topic of controlling smart contract operations.
This is important because in the real world,
if you have a smart contract which has a problem,
you'll want to be able to pause it or restart it.
We also will next cover the topic of multi-party consensus.
You might know this as multi-sig or multi-signature.
Next, we'll focus on receiving and transferring funds through your smart contract.
Then a very important topic, Smart Contract Upgradability.
Since blockchains are immutable,
this particular topic is of interest to
any developer because if you have a bug in a smart contract,
you want to know how to fix it.
Our next topic is data from oracles.
Oracles are external data sources that can provide information to
your smart contract which is a very regular event in real-world applications.
Next topic would be to create a DAP,
a Decentralized Application and we'll review the user interface and in particular,
how it can respond to events.
Finally, we'll discuss the Flight Shorty Project.
So that's the project that is going to take all the skills that you will
acquire in this course and put them together into a project.
The essence of that project is flight insurance for passengers.